Documentation for `silenceTimeout` in `<Record/>` (#352)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/record.md

| password                     | (optional) The password to send in the HTTP request to `recordCompleteUrl`, `recordingAvailableUrl` or `transcriptionAvailableUrl`. If specified, the URLs must be TLS-encrypted (i.e., `https`).                      |
| tag                          | (optional) A custom string that will be sent with this and all future callbacks unless overwritten by a future `tag` attribute or cleared.<br><br>May be cleared by setting `tag=""`<br><br>Max length 256 characters. |
| terminatingDigits            | (optional) When pressed, this digit will terminate the recording. Default value is `“#”`. This feature can be disabed with `""`.                                                                                       |
| maxDuration                  | (optional) Maximum length of recording (in seconds). Max 10800 (3 hours). Default value is 60.                                                                                                                         |

> | silenceTimeout               | (optional) Length of silence after which to end the recording (in seconds). Max is equivalent to the maximum `maxDuration` value. Default value is 0, which means disabled.                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| silenceTimeout               | (optional) Length of silence after which to end the recording (in seconds). Max is equivalent to the maximum `maxDuration` value. Default value is 0, which means no timeout.                                            |
```

| terminatingDigits            | (optional) When pressed, this digit will terminate the recording. Default value is `“#”`.                                                                                                                              |
| maxDuration                  | (optional) Maximum length of recording (in seconds). Max 10800 (3 hours). Default value is 60.                                                                                                                         |
| silenceTimeout                  | (optional) Length of silence after which to end the recording (in seconds). Max is equivalent to the maximum `maxDuration` value. Default value is 0, which means disabled.                                                                                                                         |
| fileFormat                   | (optional) The audio format that the recording will be saved as: `mp3` or `wav`.  Default value is `wav`.                                                                                                              |

> To stop the recording, the caller can press one of the `terminatingDigits` or stop talking for `silenceTimeout` seconds.

Author: This terminology was already being used, but should `caller` be `user` instead?

Reviewer 2: Yes
